chore!: removing of pyjwkest dependency from edx-platform (#37159)
openedx/edx-platform: openedx/core/djangoapps/oauth_dispatch/docs/README.rst

  * Its `Access Token View`_ returns JWTs as access tokens when a JWT token_type is requested.

  * It uses an edX custom JwtBuilder_ implementation to create the JWT.

> * The JwtBuilder_ uses the pyjwkest_ library for implementation of `JSON Web Signature (JWS)`_ and other crypto to build and sign JWT tokens.

Reviewer: Where is the equivalent to this line? Aren't we back to using [PyJWK from PyJWT](https://github.com/jpadilla/pyjwt/blob/ac69d3657f07d78894aea27c6351aee60eaec6ef/jwt/api_jwk.py#L18)?

Author: I have updated the docs properly as this create_jwt method is using the PyJWK from PyJWT for the implementation of JSON Web Signature JSW.

>   * It uses an edX custom implementation to create the JWT_.

Reviewer: What about something like this?
```suggestion
  * It uses the edX custom `create_jwt method`_ to create the JWT.
```

Author: Resolved

  * Its `Access Token View`_ returns JWTs as access tokens when a JWT token_type is requested.

>   * It uses an edX custom JwtBuilder_ implementation to create the JWT.

Reviewer 2: Instead of removing this altogether, let's update the reference to point to [JWT](https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/blob/master/openedx/core/lib/jwt.py) implementation which is being used now.

Reviewer: @ktyagiapphelix2u: I don't see a response to Usama's earlier request, and it doesn't seem like this was done. I don't think https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/pull/37159#issuecomment-3199361879 is the response, right?

Author: I have updated the docs to reference to new one

Reviewer: Thanks. I added other comments, and marking this one resolved (even though there is more to do on this). Thanks.
